I loved the interplay with Becky at
Warren Buffett this weekend and his
discussion very can discussion about the
airlines
if the airlines have fundamentally
changed what that really says is in in
Buffett's eyes what that really says is
there are a lot of industries that are
fundamentally changed I keep coming back
to that moment what was Gary Kelly said
thus well if there's nothing to go to
why should the airlines do well how do
you said look I have to stick by the
airline's because there's gonna be a
recovery and they're the ones that are
most oriented I would I might have
influenced my thinking but I felt like
he verified a lot of what David and I
are hearing which is that guys please if
you think that we're just gonna come
back you've got it really wrong and I
may be there doing some um they're doing
some under promising but then again you
layer it on with the president who was
so I believe over promising and I'm not
fake news I'm just listening to every
single CEO with the exception of moderna
that really believes in the drug
industry that we can do our job that
she's a scale so I feel like that that
Buffett's overview on Airlines really
does make me very concerned about the
Newton yeah and as a backdrop of course
Buffett has a long history and having
his thinking evolved when it comes to
the airline business USAir back in the
90s left a rather sour taste in his
mouth about that it came around to them
in the last five or 10 years and he
talked about what he called a mistake
over the weekend take a listen
the airline business and I hope I may be
wrong and I hope I'm wrong but I think
it it changed in a very major way and
it's obviously changed and the fact that
their four companies are each gonna
borrow and own perhaps an average of at
least 10 or 12 billion each while you
have to pay that back out of runnings or
some period of time you're ten or twelve
billion to heart worse off if that
happens and of course that in some cases
are having to sell stock or sell the
right to buy his stock of these prices
and that takes away from them the upside
down and and I don't know
whether two or three years from now that
that as many people will fly as many
passenger miles as they did last year
they may and they may not that just uh
but the future is much less clear to me
Amada how the business will turn out
through absolutely no fault of the
airline's themselves so I thought that
was devastated I mean I remember
Southwest air was able to sell seventy
thousand seventy million shares I'm
sorry at twenty eight fifty and United
Airlines uh sold thirty nine point three
five at 2650 so I mean those are
critical levels and the fact that he
went on to say there was just no reason
to own them so what's the point of just
selling some of them made me say I think
that they very much are a microcosm of a
big chunk of the US economy not the
world economy in some cases he said and
I I came away thinking the to the longer
term story of comeback is very much in
play and that's not a lot of analysts
thinking I mean even this morning what
you're the only Dow Chemical Bank of
America talking about a longer term
decline most of the in us are just
trying to figure out whether it's gonna
be a veer you still I mean that is the
discussion that Warren Buffett that
indicates that it's a you if anything a
very elongated you were an L and I know
those things are shorthand and a lot of
people don't might say what are you
talking about it's just he just gave you
what how about this no hope near-term
anybody grew that
you